this portion of our CES coverage is
brought to you by LastPass check out the
link in the video description to learn
more and start securing your passwords
today we are here in the Lenovo suite
where they are showing off their latest
ThinkPad x1 carbon it's got some pretty
significant spec upgrades first and
foremost of which is an 810 core
processor yes my friends we are talking
quad core in a tiny lightweight laptop
like this it can be equipped with up to
16 gigs of RAM up to a one terabyte MDOT
to drive and it's got a ton of other
great features built into it as well
it's available with Windows hello facial
recognition as well as you know
fingerprint sensors for plebs it's got a
shutter to hide the webcam sort of maybe
we'll get to that later it's available
with up to 8 500 nits peak brightness
1440p display and there's another option
with touch and this premium display
option has a hundred percent Adobe RGB
coverage and it is factory calibrated
they've actually tuned the display for
Dolby vision and in terms of the
performance it is somewhere near the HDR
400 spec which is kind of like guy it's
like sort of related to HDR 10 but that
would be like that thousand so it's like
HDR thousand is a thousand its peak
brightness and then there's like 600 and
400 the actual value of it is sort of
debatable but it'll understand an HDR
signal let's put it that way it's got
support for Dolby Atmos and the keyboard
is characteristic of Lenovo pretty darn
solid with everything you could want in
terms of inputs you got the nipple you
got the buttons and you've got the
touchpad IO is not disappointing
actually you can't say that about a lot
of modern devices so we've got a three
and a half millimeter jack we've got a
USB a on that side we've got another USB
a we've got an HDMI output we've got two
Thunderbolt ports with four PCIe lanes
each and an Ethernet jack but it's like
this weird proprietary form factor cord
I had to ask I was like why do you need
an Ethernet jack why isn't it just too
tight see if it's got to plug into your
dock which has a bunch of other i/o in
it
the answer was actually really smart
it's so that your MAC address doesn't
change that's great for corporate
clients when you plug into your dock and
you want to access your VPN or whatever
it's got integrated 4G LTE and 57 watt
hour battery Cortana support now let's
get into the things that I'm like super
disappointed about so the premium 1440p
panel not available with touch Thank You
panel makers the IR camera it's not
compatible with the cover and the IR
camera version is not available with the
premium panel so it's like man it's like
so close to being like basically perfect
maybe next year maybe next year feel
like I say that a lot it's gonna start
at 1709 that is that is a weird weird
price point but you know it's not at a
weird price point
LastPass LastPass is a great value if
you're looking for a way to keep track
of securely your passwords and other
credentials or even just little notes
that you want to make to yourself or
share with others securely for shows
like this LastPass is fantastic because
it allows us to log into social accounts
or get access to online assets like
Shutterstock without having to do a
password reset or call someone to get a
password or heaven forbid be texting
login and password credentials around to
each other it's just one password you
have to remember it supports two-factor
authentication for additional security
and you can get access to everything you
need whether you're an individual with
LastPass premium you're a small team
with LastPass teens or even a large
enterprise with LastPass Enterprise so
go check it out try it out we've got it
linked in the video description we've
been using it a long time we've been
super happy so thanks for watching guys
you can dislike this video if your like
mean or you can press like get
subscribed and make sure you don't miss
any of our CES 2018 content